moon
How have you been?
Youth brother
I'm in pain
Am I going to die?
I will help you heal
i
Can you promise me one thing?
Can you put it on for me?
I just want to marry you
When the moon is ready, scratch some skin
Go, go, go, grandpa
Take him to rest first
Obey the order to go nine children
Lin Fan came today
Ask Si Jingchen to die
Mr. Li, save me, Mr. Li
I told you this was your last chance
Lin Fan, you are finally willing to appear
God of war wedding
Of course I should come and give you a good drink
It just so happens that I killed you today
You pay tribute to those
The shadow of the dead dragon is the spirit of the soldiers in heaven
You have a big breath
Commander I tell you
The coffin at the door
I prepared it just for you.
Lin Fan, if you have been because of your sister's death
And the words of the God of Hate
Then I tell you that you are being used
He's not dead. Shut up
What nonsense are you talking about?